README.md, before:

# 🎓 Portfolio Assignment Template

Welcome, student! 👋
This repository contains everything you need to complete your **portfolio assignment**.

## 🗞️ Description

The goal of this assignment is to build a one-page **personal portfolio** that showcases your skills, projects, and experiences. This template provides a basic structure to help you get started.

## 📁 Project Structure

```
.
├── assets/             # Contains your media files
│   └── images/         # Store your images here
├── styles/             # Contains your CSS files
│   └── global.css       # ✅ You can edit this file
├── .prettierrc.json    # ❌ Do not modify
├── SUBMISSION.md       # ✅ You can edit this file
├── index.html          # ✅ You can edit this file
├── LICENSE             # ❌ Do not modify
├── README.md           # ❌ Do not modify
└── .gitignore          # ❌ Do not modify
```

## ✅ What You Can Edit

- `index.html`: Build and design your portfolio here
- `styles/global.css`: Add your custom styles here
- `assets/images`: Add your images here
- `SUBMISSION:` Enter your student details here

## ❌ What You Should NOT Edit

- Any file **outside** `index.html`, `SUBMISSION.md` and `styles/global.css`
- Do not rename any file or folder
- Especially: `.prettierrc.json`, `LICENSE`, `README.md`

## 📋 Submission Instructions

1. Complete your edits in `index.html`,`styles/global.css` and `assets/images` only
2. Make sure to enter your student details in the `SUBMISSION.md` file
3. **Do not touch any other file**
4. Once you're done, commit your changes:

## 📢 Important: Pull Changes After Your First Push

After you fork this repository, an **automatic GitHub Action** will update your README file by adding a **GitHub Pages link**.

🔵 **What happens:**

- After your **first push**, a **GitHub Action** will automatically add a badge and link to your README.
- This creates a **new commit** that you **don't have yet** on your computer.

🔵 **What you must do:**

- After your first push, open **GitHub Desktop**.
- Click **"Fetch origin"** to check for new changes.
- If you see any updates, click **"Pull"** to get them.

✅ This ensures you have the **latest README** and avoid conflicts.

---

### 📸 Quick Steps

1. Make your first push.
2. Open GitHub Desktop.
3. Click **"Fetch origin"** (top bar).
4. If there are changes, click **"Pull origin"**.
5. Then continue your work!

---

### ❗Why?

Because the repository automatically adds important info **after your first push**.  
Pulling updates prevents **errors** and keeps everything **up-to-date**! 🚀

**Watch this video explaining everything 👉:** TODO

Commit message:

docs(README): update readme and add instructions for second assignment
Signed-off-by: shytypes <abbaadamu302@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# 🎓 Week 2 Follow-Up Portfolio Assignment Template

Welcome back, student! 👋
This repository contains everything you need to complete your **week 2 follow-up portfolio assignment**.

## 🗞️ Description

Now that you have a portfolio site, your goal for this assignment is to add a **contact form** to your **existing** one-page **personal portfolio** created in your **Week 1 - portfolio assignment**. Ensure you migrate your Week 1 portfolio **source code** for the editable files specified below to this repository, add a contact form to it, and perform some DOM manipulation to display the form data on the webpage after the form is submitted.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This week's assignment is not about reinventing the wheel!
> You **don't need to start from scratch** — just **copy over** your existing code from **Week 1** and **refactor** it to improve,
> optimize, or add new features i.e a contact form.

## fields required in the contact form

- first name
- second name
- email
- message

> [!CAUTION]
> Your submission is rendered invalid and you would be given a grade of **zero**
> if you do not implement DOM manipulation

## 📁 Project Structure

```
.
├── assets/             # Contains your media files
│   └── images/         # Store your images here
├── styles/             # Contains your CSS files
│   └── global.css      # ✅ You can edit this file
├── .prettierrc.json    # ❌ Do not modify
├── SUBMISSION.md       # ✅ You can edit this file
├── index.html          # ✅ You can edit this file
├── LICENSE             # ❌ Do not modify
├── README.md           # ❌ Do not modify
└── .gitignore          # ❌ Do not modify
```

## ✅ What You Can Edit

- `index.html`: Build and design your portfolio here
- `styles/global.css`: Add your custom styles here
- `assets/images`: Add your images here
- `SUBMISSION:` Enter your student details here

## ❌ What You Should NOT Edit

- Any file **outside** `index.html`, `SUBMISSION.md` and `styles/global.css`
- Do not rename any file or folder
- Especially: `.prettierrc.json`, `LICENSE`, `README.md`

## 📋 Submission Instructions

1. Complete your edits in `index.html`,`styles/global.css` and `assets/images` only
2. Make sure to enter your student details in the `SUBMISSION.md` file
3. **Do not touch any other file**
4. Once you're done, commit your changes:

## 📢 Important: Pull Changes After Your First Push

After you fork this repository, an **automatic GitHub Action** will update your README file by adding a **GitHub Pages link**.

🔵 **What happens:**

- After your **first push**, a **GitHub Action** will automatically add a badge and link to your README.
- This creates a **new commit** that you **don't have yet** on your computer.

🔵 **What you must do:**

- After your first push, open **GitHub Desktop**.
- Click **"Fetch origin"** to check for new changes.
- If you see any updates, click **"Pull"** to get them.

✅ This ensures you have the **latest README** and avoid conflicts.

---

### 📸 Quick Steps

1. Make your first push.
2. Open GitHub Desktop.
3. Click **"Fetch origin"** (top bar).
4. If there are changes, click **"Pull origin"**.
5. Then continue your work!

---

### ❗Why?

Because the repository automatically adds important info **after your first push**.  
Pulling updates prevents **errors** and keeps everything **up-to-date**! 🚀

**Watch this video explaining everything 👉:** TODO
